♪ ♪
[grunts]
[Ethan] I screwed up.
She got away.
She should've killed me.
- [grunts]
- Here. Get up.
We have to go. Get up.
[Ethan exhales]
- We have to move.
- [latches click]
Check the window.
They're here.
Follow me.
Cover.
Take this.
- [screaming]
- [rapid gunfire]
- Go, go, go!
- Hold your fire!
Stay down.
- Come.
- [rapid gunfire]
[Ethan grunts]
♪ ♪
[birds chirping]
[dog barking in distance]
♪ ♪
We have to be very quiet
and stay near the farm.
We can't go beyond the boundary.
No, Bruno!
Bruno, come back!
Come back, it's dangerous!
Bruno!
Bruno, Dad says
we're not allowed
to go beyond the crosses.
Bruno, come back!
Bruno!
Bruno, I want to go back
to the house.
- [leaves rustling]
- [twigs snapping]
Bruno, is that you?
What are you doing?
Come here, hurry up.
What did I tell you?
Never go beyond the boundary.
I told you
never go out in the open.
- Do you promise?
- Oui.
Do you promise?
Oui.
I'm sorry, Dad.
It'll be okay.
I'm sorry.
[door opens]
- [cart rattles]
- [door closes]
[bandage lifts]
All good here.
- [door opens]
- Sir.
[Chairman] Thanks, Kat.
[door closes]
You caused a lot of damage
last night.
Set us back six months,
at least.
How's your wound?
I'm fine.
It's a beautiful room, isn't it?
We used it
for diplomatic receptions
in the old days.
Now we use it for valued guests.
Present for you.
It was Mary's idea
to document every Utrax birth.
That's the only photograph
that I keep with me.
This little baby
threatened my life's work
and turned my daughter
against me.
[Hanna] Your Mary has the USB,
and she's going
- to the press.
- [chuckles] Don't be so sure.
That computer programmer
wasn't quite as dumb
as you thought.
♪ ♪
[door opens]
[bag zips]
[inhales sharply]
[exhales]
[Ethan] What is that?
[Marissa] It's the download
of all the data collected
by your colleague's algorithm.
Where is Max now?
Mm. He's dead. Hanna shot him.
We're taking this to newspapers,
press agencies.
I'll need you to testify.
We're gonna
take this thing down, Ethan.
What is this?
Uh... It could be encrypted.
No, no. That's not possible.
Max showed me the download.
That was on his own machine.
The program
detects a different host,
locks down.
- How do I unlock it?
- You'd need
Max's private key.
[exhales]
[Chairman] By now,
Mary is understanding
the powerlessness
of her situation,
and she's gonna come in,
if only to guarantee
your safety.
But we'll be reunited.
One happy family.
Now, we have
some loose ends to tie up.
The targets
whose deaths you faked.
Katerina.
Found her in Prague.
We have one outstanding issue.
Abbas Naziri.
Oh, you like him, huh?
He's a handsome young man.
Unfortunately,
he knows too much.
[Hanna shouts]
- Get her off!
- [Taser zapping]
[Hanna grunting]
[panting]
[grunting]
I was gonna offer you a deal,
but you fucked up.
Mary will tell you.
[lighter clicks]
In my house,
when you cross the line,
you get punished.
[Hanna whimpers]
[whimpers]
[panting]
[Stapleton] Naziri is
in the company of a young girl.
Estimated to be in the mountains
close to Vienna.
I want you to monitor
all online chat
from his previous platforms,
and I want
UAVs watching all locations
within 50 miles of the city.
Got that?
[Taylor] Ma'am,
we found Carmichael.
There.
- [Stapleton] Where is he?
- [Taylor] It's a café
right by the station.
[Stapleton] Okay.
Get someone there now.
Make it quiet.
[indistinct chatter]
[computer chimes]
[ringing]
- [indistinct chatter]
- Where are you?
Train station.
I'm on a public machine.
Evans is still alive.
He has Hanna.
I'm at a dead end.
I've got nothing.
Well, we need to meet.
- Why?
- I have the codes
for the Utrax
mission operatives.
There's
an emergency stand-down code
for every trainee in the field.
I can help you take Utrax down.
I also know ways
into the building.
I have passcodes.
You can get Hanna out.
And in return?
I want $50,000.
Fresh U.S. passport. New name.
All right.
Where do we meet?
The Design Centre at Wattgasse.
One hour.
[knock on door]
[Chuck] Meds are for her?
[orderly] No, just the meal.
The meds are for someone else.
Okay.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[whispering]
Three. Four. Five.
Six.
Seven. Eight.
Nine.
[door opens]
[indistinct chatter]
[man speaking German over P.A.]
[woman conversing in German]
[Carmichael] [clears throat]
Apologies.
Bit of a late night.
[Sandy] Excuse me,
does-does anybody speak English?
Uh, I'm trying to get
to my college campus,
and I'm a little lost.
[woman] This gentleman
is American, also.
[Sandy] Oh, really, sir?
I was wondering if...
you could help me.
Maybe we're headed
in the same direction.
I don't know the city.
I was hoping
- you'd know it real well.
- [Carmichael] Excuse me.
Think I'm on the wrong train.
[grunts]
[lock clicks]
[exhales]
[panting]
[thud]
[Sandy] Everything you said
at the Meadows.
All bullshit.
Sandy, I can explain.
- [Sandy shouts]
- [Carmichael grunts]
- [grunts]
- I killed a woman
with a child in her.
I did that
because you trained me to do so.
Sandy.
Please.
[Sandy] Target secured.
Send pickup team.
[electronic crackling]
[engine starts]
[gears shift]
♪ ♪
- Did you get it?
- [door closes]
- [bag zips]
Any problems?
No one said a thing.
Good.
Why couldn't I tell someone
in the embassy what's going on?
Because you have no idea
who to trust.
There are good people there.
I know them.
Who do you know?
Gordon Evans
moved an entire diplomatic staff
so he could situate Pioneer
in the embassy building.
Do you think he did that alone?
Your bosses might smile
and say they're
on the side of right.
You have no idea
who they really are.
[Hanna grunts]
[Hanna] I'm not hungry.
[door opens]
- What's this?
- [door closes]
- She's playing games, sir.
Refusing to eat.
[Chairman] All right.
Leave us alone.
[door opens]
- By now, Mary knows
that the USB's useless.
- [door closes]
Max Kaplan was a good man.
He died for his duty.
So she's grabbing at straws.
I wanted
to show you this myself.
Give me access
to Wattgasse 2421.
There's a loading ramp
at the back.
If you hear gunshots,
meet me there.
Otherwise,
just keep the car running
and wait for me.
Okay.
♪ ♪
[Chairman] Daughters have this
effect on a man. A son,
you compare to yourself. Either
he's a disappointment or he
usurps you.
Daughters are different.
You want to protect them
from all the evils of the world,
but you also want
to set them free.
How can you do both?
You just have to love them.
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
Give me the stand-down codes.
Money and passport first.
Gets you into Pioneer.
Accesses all areas.
Code you want's on this laptop.
- Cancellation code is there.
- [typing]
You input here.
This stands down
all Utrax mission operatives.
Mandates an immediate return
to the Meadows.
- Where'd you get the computer?
- I took it when I left Pioneer.
I've been around, Marissa.
I know what I need to survive.
And can they reverse it
once they find out?
It'll be too late.
The operatives
will be dark by then.
They know I escaped, Marissa.
We need to do this now.
Are you lying to me, John?
No.
[Marissa] What's this?
- What the fuck is this?
- [Chairman] You just ordered
your first terminations, Mary.
Ten missions
will be completed by tonight.
Ten targets eliminated
on your orders.
You're part of Pioneer now.
Don't do anything stupid.
There are guns
trained on you right now
from every corner.
I have Hanna with me.
The USB you have
is worth nothing.
The only man in the world
who can decrypt it is dead.
So do the right thing.
Stop fighting and join me.
Hanna's safe,
so long as you do
exactly as I say.
How do I know she's safe?
It's Hanna. I'm here.
You don't need to worry
about me.
You don't need to worry at all.
Let's go.
Marissa, come on.
- [gun clicks]
- Marissa, come on.
- You go ahead.
- The fuck you talking about?
- They have this place
surrounded.
- Yeah.
You made your choice.
Now I'm making mine.
But here's the thing:
they want me alive.
But you?
I wouldn't be so sure.
She's, uh,
she's turning herself in.
Hold your fire.
Give me your gun.
Give me the gun, Marissa.
- Give me the fucking gun!
- You've always lied
to me, John.
Don't shoot!
[rapid gunfire]
[grunts]
♪ ♪
Drive, drive!
[tires squeal]
She'll never join you.
Don't you fucking believe it.
And you're gonna get me Naziri.
[door closes]
♪ ♪
I'm going to the market.
Okay, see you later.
[exhales]
Hi.
[Zofia] Hey, Jules.
You never came yesterday.
I know. I'm sorry.
The baby was acting up.
- This is by way of apology.
- Thank you.
What time do you work?
We could open it now.
Not for an hour or so.
But I can't really drink wine
and then work
in a nuclear facility.
They get a bit anxious
about that.
How about a coffee, then?
[Zofia] I was just working
on my PhD.
[Jules] You study
as well as work?
No rest for the wicked.
You take milk?
Black is fine.
[dishes clattering]
- Is this your PhD?
- Yeah.
You won't understand it,
I'm afraid.
It's a private language.
Only a few of us can speak it.
All the mysteries
of the universe
are contained in these symbols.
How we begin
and how we'll end.
How long
have you been working on it?
Three years, nonstop.
Do you really think...
...if you had a chance,
that you could make a difference
to the world?
With this stuff?
Anything's possible
if we allow it.
Right now,
everything is terrible.
So much destruction.
Like, all our knowledge
just leads to pain and death.
But it doesn't
have to be like that.
I believe in the future.
Don't you?
Sometimes I hate the world.
Sometimes...
[sniffles]
I wish someone would just come
with a magic wand
and change it
so that I could love it again.
Are you okay?
Zofia.
Listen to me.
You have to move
from this apartment tonight.
Don't go to work.
Go to the countryside.
Change your name.
Give me your number.
I will tell you
when you are safe.
You have to do what I say.
Please.
Do you understand me?
[knock on door]
- [Chuck] What's this?
- Chairman's orders.
You're to give her this
then take her down to J Wing.
[Chuck] Looks like they've
run out of patience with you.
Your arm.
[grunting]
- [Brody] Jesus Christ.
Where's Stapleton?
- [Ryder] She's in the city.
Lock down the facility.
[alarm blaring]
♪ ♪
[whispering]
Three.
Four.
Five.
Six. Seven.
Eight. Nine.
[doctor] He needs a hospital.
We don't have
the right medical care here.
[Taylor] Orders are
to keep him here.
[doctor] He'll die
without surgery.
- [monitor beeping]
- Kaplan stays. Is that clear?
[woman] Taylor,
secure the patient.
Backup team on their way.
[Taylor] Copy that.
Lock it down!
[Brody] Security breach.
Lock down the room.
[alarm continues blaring]
[grunts softly]
[grunting]
[grunts]
[exhales]
I don't like the soup.
You have to eat.
It's disgusting.
It tastes like poo.
I hate it here. It's cold
and I have no friends...
Stop! Nadiya! Stop! Get up.
Go to your room.
That's enough, now.
Maybe you should go back home.
To her family.
I am her family.
- And we don't have a home.
- Abbas,
I have not asked
too many questions.
And you shouldn't, please.
For your own sake.
Don't underestimate me.
I've seen some things
in my life.
Sweetie.
I'm sorry.
Nadiya!
Nadiya?!
Nadiya! Nadiya!
Nadiya!
[humming softly]
[Abbas exhales]
Where were you, sweetie?
Nowhere.
Did you go into the fields?
No, you said it was dangerous.
[Abbas exhales]
What's wrong?
Huh?
What's wrong, Dad?
Shit.
I said a bad word, sorry.
♪ ♪
[Hanna] Dad.
[Erik] Human beings are?
[Hanna] Dangerous
and not to be trusted.
- [Erik] If you see one?
- [Hanna] Come and find you.
[Erik] If there's no time?
[Hanna] Hide.
I can't hide?
- Attack.
- [electricity humming]
[grunts]
[babbles]
- [baby cries]
- [grunting]
- [gunshot]
- [chokes]
- [man shouts]
- [grunts]
[electricity zapping]
[grunts]
[shouts]
[screams]
[electricity humming]
- [thud]
- [whirring]
- [whirring stops]
- [thud]
[footsteps approaching]
[Chairman] It's regrettable
it had to come to this.
I treated you like an animal
because you behave
like an animal.
You're fortunate to be alive.
These people weren't. All dead.
Suicide in Kyiv.
Overdose in Paris.
Bungled burglary in Cape Town.
We're just waiting for one more.
You can't stop this.
There's always a reason
for the young to die.
And the press?
They don't know a thing.
Where's my daughter?
I know you know.
She's somewhere in this city,
and I need you to bring her in.
Still need persuading?
Few hours ago.
Village outside of Vienna.
Your boy made the mistake
of coming outside.
What did you do to him?
I'm gonna kill him
and his little girl
unless you do exactly as I say.
Where's Mary?
I need you to bring her in.
Nadiya!
- [Chairman] Give me the radio.
- [Abbas shouts in French]
[man] Kill team
standing by, sir.
[Abbas] Nadiya!
Where's my daughter?
- [beep]
- Cosmopolitan Hotel. Room 100.
- Telling me the truth?
- Yes, I'm telling...
- If you're lying,
- it's gonna be...
- I'm not lying.
Please, don't hurt them.
Please.
Don't fuck with me.
[footsteps departing]
[Ethan] There's...
a risk of infection.
- You need a doctor.
- No.
I have to go. I have...
I have to...
get Hanna out.
You can't get in there
- on your own.
- I have to try.
Marissa, please.
This is suicide.
I had the chance to kill him.
I had the chance
to kill the man
who's in charge of this.
I couldn't do it.
[Ethan exhales]
Now I think I can.
After I leave,
you wait five minutes.
Then you go to this hotel.
Room 411.
- [exhales]
- You wait for me there. Okay?
[phone ringing]
Who is that?
Who knows we're here?
[Hanna] Marissa, it's me.
Where are you?
I'm coming to the hotel.
Meet me
in the churchyard opposite.
Did you get out?
They found Abbas.
And the girl.
I need you to come in.
[rustling]
[zipping]
[woman] Ready.
Let's go.
Target is visible.
[Stapleton] You talk to her.
You bring her out the back gate
to the car.
You play it by the book.
No one gets hurt.
Okay.
[door opens]
♪ ♪
They found Abbas
on drone footage.
In the mountains. They're going
to kill him and his daughter
unless we do what they say.
If we give ourselves up,
they'll let his daughter go.
If we fight,
they'll kill them both.
I'm wearing a wire.
And is he listening?
I think so.
[indistinct radio chatter]
There are cars at every exit.
We are surrounded.
Face it, Marissa.
We've lost this one.
It's over.
Did you agree to this--
to coming and picking me up?
Yes.
What did they do to you?
It doesn't matter.
But I can't fight anymore.
Did he...
Did he hurt you?
He made me see myself.
What does that mean?
Erik raised me to fight.
Fight and resist.
It's all I've ever known.
But I just cause more pain.
People die because of me.
People with families,
people with lovers.
And if we fight this time,
a six-year-old girl who has
nothing to do with this--
she will die, too.
Just come in.
It's you he wants.
And this will all stop.
But then we're giving him
what he always wanted.
[Hanna] Maybe
you can change him.
No.
You don't know my father.
My father doesn't change.
[Hanna] I'm sorry,
but we're done here.
Let's walk out together.
Walk with me, please.
Trust me.
Please.
[♪ Hourglvss: "Johnny"]
Join us.
Trust me.
♪ Looking in the mirror
and your face seems warped ♪
♪ Your laces are tangled
and your feet can't walk ♪
♪ I lend my body out
for you to borrow ♪
♪ But you're trapped in a skin
of a body that is now hollow ♪
♪ Free yourself, cut the ties,
you're no longer hypnotized ♪
♪ Saw the light in your eyes,
now it's time you realized ♪
♪ Time to leave behind ♪
♪ Leave it all behind ♪
♪ Talking in tongues ♪
♪ Tight lungs
can't grasp for air ♪
♪ The tips of your fingers
feel the fabric ♪
♪ But your body is bare ♪♪